$3.75 for a limited time

[ ! ] Requires ProtocolLib
attachFull299147

 Live CCTV cameras - in Minecraft!

[MEDIA=youtube]mQrY3UJNZV8[/MEDIA]

attachFull299148
Caught on camera!
Aperture is a camera management plugin, wherein players can create cameras and view their footage in real-time. Unlike many other camera plugins, Aperture works from anywhere on your server by displaying camera footage in 3D space. Say goodbye to the days of teleport-based cameras! With Aperture, worrying who might be visiting your house is a thing of the past.

To create a camera, simply place a camera block somewhere in the world. After giving it a name, that camera can be viewed from anywhere. Need to share the camera footage with someone else? Easy! Aperture makes sharing camera access with others a breeze. Wish to delete a camera? Even easier! Right-clicking inside the camera selection menu is all you need to do.

This plugin was tested with default settings on a 1GB Spigot 1.12.2 server, and had an average TPS of 19.9
attachFull299149 
/ap getCamera (aperture.getcamera) - Get a new camera item
/ap stream (aperture.stream) - Open the camera selection menu for streaming
/ap share (aperture.share) - Share a camera you own with another player
/ap reload (aperture.reload) - Reload the plugin config.yml

Additional permissions
aperture.stream.other (default: op) - Allows you to stream cameras owned by other players
aperture.place (default: everyone) - Allows you to place a camera
aperture.break (default: everyone) - Allows you to break cameras you own
aperture.break.other (default: op) - Allows you to break cameras owned by other players
aperture.bypasslimit (default: op) - Bypass the maximum camera limit
aperture.admin (default: op) - Bundles permission nodes appropriate for server administrators

attachFull299150 
Find a bug? Unable to load the plugin? Experiencing lag? Have a suggestion? Please feel free to drop a message in the Discussion forum, or send me a Private Message! Here are some tips to troubleshoot common problems:

    Ensure your server is running Spigot 1.9 or newer
    Ensure you have the latest version of ProtocolLib installed
    Check your plugin configuration for any formatting issues or typing mistakes

Known issues / planned features:

    Some users may experience slight graphical bugs when using this plugin; this is actively being looked into, and does not impede the functionality of the plugin whatsoever.


attachFull299153 
By downloading this plugin, you hereby agree to these terms of use:

    You will not redistribute this plugin to anyone
    You will only use this plugin on servers that you own
    You will not modify or redistribute the source code
    Refunds will not be given in most cases. Please send me a private message if you have any payment concerns prior to purchasing.
    You will not post questions/errors/rants in a plugin review